Update CloudEvents spec based on meeting discussion (#18)
dynatrace-oss-contrib/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/semantic_conventions/cloudevents.md

<!-- toc -->

> - [CloudEvents](#cloudevents)

Author: this is my vscode extension auto-regenerating toc,  I'll revert it

### Processing

> When instrumented library supports processing of a single CloudEvent, instrumentation SHOULD create a new span to trace it. Instrumentation SHOULD set the remote trace context from the Distributed Tracing Extension as a link on the processing span.

Reviewer: I liked the way the initial paragraph you wrote was structured. I think we should still layout recommendation for both cases - processing a single event and multiple, but use now Links as SHOULD. 

What do you think about this: 

> Instrumentation SHOULD create a new Span to trace the processing of one or more CloudEvents.

> When a single event is processed, instrumentation SHOULD set the remote trace context from the Distributed Tracing Extension as a link on the processing Span. 

> When multiple events are processed together (e.g. as a batch), for each event being processed, instrumentation SHOULD set the remote trace context from the Distributed Tracing Extension as a link on the processing span.

Author: with multiple events we have problems with attributes - we can't stamp event-specific attributes on multi-event-processing-span and I wanted to get away with a single event for now. We'd have to solve batching attributes for messaging and perhaps can reuse the same approach here?

Author: I guess on the related note: are you aware of any SDK that allows processing batch in a way that's auto-instrumentable?

Reviewer: I don't know any from the top of my head. I think we can move forward without mentioning multiple-event processing and see what the others say.

**Span name:** `CloudEvents Process <event_type>`
**Span kind:** CONSUMER

> Note: CloudEvents processing does not follow a common pattern. Some CloudEvents-enabled libraries expose handlers for CloudEvents processing (e.g.  [CloudEvents Go SDK](https://github.com/cloudevents/sdk-go#receive-your-first-cloudevent)) and are able to instrument processing calls. In other cases CloudEvents are deserialized or processed in application code and then application is responsible for instrumentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: CloudEvents processing does not follow a common pattern. Some CloudEvents SDKs expose handlers for processing (e.g.  [CloudEvents Go SDK](https://github.com/cloudevents/sdk-go#receive-your-first-cloudevent)) and are able to auto-instrument processing calls. In other SDKs, CloudEvents are deserialized or processed in application code. In this case, the instrumentation responsibility falls under the application owner.
```

Author: I'm not sure `CloudEvents SDK` is precise enough. I can send CloudEvents using basically anything, not just CloudEvents SDKs.

Reviewer: You're right, that seems to be the case for some SDKs. I added some suggestion below.
